I didn't do the breakup.
Without me, I'm going to fund you with someone
Come on with our flowers
Are you ready to get off?
I am the god of this world
Hey, are you happy?
Mr. Zhao, I want to record your chest
Let's drink.
Mr. Gao
There is a price to pay for calculating.
evil animal
Your Majesty's decree to recruit talents, you dare to enter
Roll down quickly and die
Young master calm down
Don't be impulsive
Be careful! Be careful!
Be careful be careful
evil animal
I will give you three weeks.
Don't embarrass yourself on it
Old man, don't spray shit all over your mouth
You also taught the evil animals
Who are you with?
How dare you talk to your father like that?
You are my father
I also said I was your father
Oh, dear.
It's the other way around. It's the other way around.
Come and get the old man's long pavilion and broadsword
Rather than let this scoundrel run into His Majesty
He is not as good as
Let the old man clean up the door himself
Concubine to Her Majesty the Empress again